Refine query variables and clauses pages (#970)
graknlabs/docs: new_core_concepts/modules/ROOT/pages/typeql/schema-data.adoc

----

This insert succeeds only if the type `person` "owns" the type `age` in the schema.
That is, the constraint `person owns age;` was defined in the schema,
or `person` inherits `owns age` from its supertype.

[NOTE]
====

> Unless their types are declared `@independent`, attributes which are not involved in any ownerships are cleaned up at the end of a transaction.

Reviewer: Thanks! Maybe we make it even clearer:
```suggestion
Unless their types are declared `@independent`, attribute instances which are not involved in any ownerships are cleaned up at the end of a transaction.
```

Author: Sure, `attribute instances`
